It’s ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes. You know, less than a compact disc. The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute. (Marvin Minsky) I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) Ready, fire, aim: the fast approach to software development. Ready, aim, aim, aim, aim: the slow approach to software development. (Anonymous) The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry. (Henry Petroski)

In order to understand recursion, one must first understand recursion. (Anonymous) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment. (Kent Beck) It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC. As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. (E. W. Dijkstra)

Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. (Jeff Pesis) Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. (Bob Gray) 640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981) Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson)

But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968) Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. (Brian Kernigan) For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. (Bill Bryson) Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. (pixadel) The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. (Grady Booch)